tl;dr: Listserve split described as "mostly working".

X-LYRIS-Message-ID: <LYRIS-13452643-7283687-2010.11.08-01.23.56--sbl53#cornell.edu@list.cornell.edu>


------------wLPB9gV0Blw0EEwpbFX1Fr
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="iso-8859-15"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: Quoted-Printable

KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR NOVEMBER 7TH, 2010
THEME: Tall people on stilts Kommittee
SECRET AGENDA: It's not so much Death as much as it is a horde of bros.

RA Kerry (procedural announcement):
Last time, we passed around the sign-in sheet, but there were people who =
=20
left partway through the meeting
So, you need to announce that you're leaving for even a drink, and then =20
announce your re-entry
=A1Nolan!: The UN uses "Point of personal privilege"
=A1Sarah!: We are passing around the sheet, not just signing in on the =20
table, everything's getting passed around now
Danny: Constant announcements will get tedious
RA Kerry: Regulating that is not feasible
Danny: More like recording, taking note
=A1Nolan!: If someone's gone, we'll try to notice
Adam: I'm going to go get a drink of water

INSIDE GROUPS SEEKING THE MUSIC ROOM:
None

OUTSIDE GROUPS SEEKING THE MUSIC ROOM:
Hotel class is doing Into the Woods dinner this week
Cornell Raptor program is bringing hawks and owls
They can't be in the Great Hall; CLR and TVR are feasible, we'd love to =20
use them for showing off and playing with birds

Adam: I'm back now

Kim: CLR is sealed, better in the event that a bird gets loose
This is for Thursday, November 11th
ACCLAIMED

SCA:
Intro to bellydance, 20 - 30 people, would like to use the Dance Studio, =
=20
not a closed event
Tuesday, November 16th, 7 PM
GV Ben: It's taken from 8:30 - 10:30
We're going maybe until 9, we could be done by 8:30 if we get the Dance =20
Studio
We could come up to the CLR at 8:30
ACCLAIMED

REPORTS:

GV BEN:
We have $2843.56 unallocated
Risquirer: Clover/Miles
Next week: Clover

RHD LAUREN:
First, a couple weeks ago there were people surveying the tower with =20
balls/cones
Cornell Restorationssasonetuh... is doing something, a structural analysis =
=20
of the tower, doing improvements
They're starting either tomorrow or Tuesday, there'll be a crane outside, =
=20
don't worry
6th floor balcony will be repaired around the same time, there'll be =20
another crane for that, be excited
5th and 6th floor tower people have not responded to my email
Thank y'all for filling out the RA survey form

RA SALLY:
Operation ID will be happening with Cornell Police
Life Drawing is trying to be back up in the swing of things, so please =20
volunteer
Harvest Celebration (not Harvestfest) is November 19th, which entails =20
cornhusk dolls and dining

RA KERRY:
Naked Improv happened, it was great, thanks to all
Sex on the Table will be featuring Planned Parenthood on safer use of sex =
=20
toys, bringing "fun" and "games" and "equipment"; it's 5PM in Tammany as =
=20
usual
Coming up for SotT we have a sex therapist and a couple of doctors
Meditation is 7PM on Mondays -- actually, that's 7:15 due to SotT
Naked Improv is now adding Thursdays 7 - 9 to their rehearsals (in =20
addition to 6 - 8 Sundays)

RA JULIA:
Faculty Fellow dinners are still with Antonia on Mondays, Tom Hill on =20
Fridays
If you haven't come yet, you should
There are fun grad students, the Fellows are fun people to know
Ethiopian dinner (next semester) is coming together

RA NATE:
November 17th, there's a Bob Dylan concert in Binghamton
On the 18th, there's a Leonid shower (I think) which we'll see at 2AM
Yes, I do mean 2AM
Thank you for food programs, again

RA LAUREN:
I apologize for smoke appearing on Friday
Did check the flue, freak of atmosphere conditions caused the smoke
You all participated in the First Annual Risley Guy Fawkes Fire Alarm =20
(well, not all)
Thanksgiving!
I've been baking lots of things with apples
I sent out the Risley Thanksgiving form again to fill out, it's been =20
having few issues
Email me (lrw45) if you need a manual add
There are 28 people on the list right now, which is actually kinda high
People have expressed interest in co-planning
This is important since it's not an RA duty, I've just been doing it since =
=20
freshman year
If you do want to potluck some foodstuffs, you can email me about that

WEBMASTER GABRIEL:
If at any time I don't have any exams, I'd like to put up minutes, which =
=20
have not been updated since spring of '09
Also, the listserv change happened and it's been mostly successful
There have been whispers of superspam: if there's a limited list of people =
=20
to send to, that's spam
An email on a serv rules update might be going out depending on how much =
=20
my eyes are bleeding
It's generally going well
The website will get some love whenever minutes go up

AIR ABE:
Announcements, allocations coming later
Stepping out of the room to take down my piece of paper
RA Kerry: RA Julia has left the room anonymously; shame
I need readers for poetry at the Johnson
There's been some response, still want more if you're interested, my email =
=20
is ab28
It's also good to have a nice Risley presence
The Will Cordeiro poetry reading was fun
It was multimedia, so technical difficulties were had by all
Another reading is happening the week after next
I'll be allocating for money that was deallocated in a way that will not =
=20
cause problems
We have a solution that has been preapproved by safety and auditing
These projects were given $1000 previously, which were Odyssey in a Box =20
and Odyssey Works in NYC
[You can read previous minutes for descriptions of the projects]
Previous objections: students traveling to New York, wearing headphones =20
and getting hit by cars
Also, a general desire to direct funds to Risley affairs
=A1Nolan!: let's leave this discussion for allocations
Before that, an instrument building workshop will be added to projects

ANNOUNCEMENTS
GV Ben: The Risley Video Shop now has digital cameras that you may borrow
Gabe: How is this different from before?
GV Ben: These are picture cameras, not video

OTHER BUSINESS
Approval of minutes
Miles: Thank you, Kerry
GV Ben: To clarify, it was $28 that was allocated for posters, not $20
APPROVED

ALLOCATIONS
GV Ben: I have four things

We'd like to move the soundboard in Tammany toward the bar, have a master =
=20
bar technician
We need to splice cables to do this; we'd like a snappy cable connector, =
=20
$20
Adam: Feasibility of someone running everything at the bar?
Joey: We're just moving the amp and the board back, since mixing from the =
=20
speaker doesn't work
Clover: There's usually 2 - 3 people working the bar at a typical Tammany =
=20
event
RA Sally: Plus, we usually don't have milkshakes and music going =20
simultaneously
Sarah: Is it wise to move this near food areas?
Joey: It's not that close
Gabe: Would the equipment belong to Tammany?
GV Ben: We're manipulating cables that belong to Tammany
Joey: This prevents a tripping hazard, not much beyond that
RA Nate: Ask the Tammany manager
RA Lauren: I had no knowledge of this
Joey: Oh, Lauren, btw...
RA Lauren: Thanks a lot, guys
ACCLAIMED

We have a fancy Bose speaker system that we use to make music in dining
We want to buy an iPod cable instead of having to borrow one every time; =
=20
$20
Miles: What kind of cable is this, just 3.5mm to 3.5mm?
Joey: Yeah, and it won't cost more than $4
GV Ben: Let's keep it at $20, since we should take care of shipping
ACCLAIMED

Out Loud Chorus is no longer using our space
We now have Dance Studio time that isn't used, so let's deallocate
Gabe: Do we need to deallocate?
Jeff: There is no motion on the table
RA Lauren: Why did they leave?
GV Ben: They found a space that they could get a key to
RHD Lauren: Also, there was a personal family issue
Adam: When was this allocation before?
GV Ben: Dance Studio, Mondays, 7 - 9
ACCLAIMED

Clover, do you still need the CLR for storytime?
No
We are planning new things for Graeme Bailey to do and he hasn't been =20
coming to storytime

Adam/Sarah/bunch of other people:
There's a lot of people who would like to have a holiday celebration, =20
given the type of place that Risley is
We'd like space for a meeting about ideas, decoration, etc
Did I overestimate interest?
RA Kerry: FYI, that's right around my birthday
=A1Sarah!: Me too
RA Lauren: Have you discussed logistics, given 22-hour quiet hours?
Adam: This would be either the last day of finals, or immediately before =
=20
finals; don't want to be disruptive
Jeff: What is the motion on the table?
Sarah: Monday or Tuesday, 7 - 8 pm, CLR
Adam: I can't make Monday; make that Cowcliffes
=A1Nolan!: If you want the whole dorm to come to this holiday thing, most =
=20
people will be gone by the last day of finals
Also, You have 5 - 7 PM for non-quiet hours during exam week
RA Kerry: I appreciate the generation of new Risley programs
Adam: We do want this to be a tradition
RA Sally: We have leftover holiday items as RAs that you may use
ACCLAIMED

Emily: Hi everyone! (yeah, I'm blonde)
40th anniversary planning is in motion, and we have more good ideas (read: =
=20
we need more money)
$300 to include all Risleyites so that they may come down, enjoy tea and =
=20
scones
Sarah: to make this even more amazing is pretty vague; what is this for?
We hadn't considered the cost of postage, etc.
We originally allocated for $300; $80 went to postage, and paper is not =20
that cheap
We want scones and mini cupcakes and three different types of sandwiches =
=20
and murals, etc
RA Sally: Does this include money for shops involvement?
Not yet
RA Sally: So, another allocation will follow?
Likely
ACCLAIMED

Kim:
The Stained Glass Shop is very active this semester, so we need more =20
supplies
$150 to get more clear/pink/orangish/brown glass, copper tape, another =20
glass cutter, and black patina
ACCLAIMED

AIR Abe (here we go):
Three allocations (we'll discuss them all at once):
Two categories: Odyssey in a Box, Odyssey Works
This has been posted for all to see per the discussion of controversial =20
motions last week
Originally, the plan was 5 sets of 2 boxes each; this has already begun
Partly due to the deallocation and otherwise, funds from CCA did not come
Funds for another 2 sets needed; I'll pay for one out of pocket, Risley =20
will pay for the other
The Risley set stays in the building
Can Risley rent this out to students/alum/anybody for $20 to take to New =
=20
York?
Risley would be able to get some revenue from the set this way; details =20
forthcoming, not sure if we're allowed, but it's looking good
I'd like $222 dollars for one set
This does not include trips to New York, only includes Risley things, not =
=20
New York things
You can look at the minutes for more details
Risley folks will be/have been involved all the way in the creation of =20
this box, being in recordings, etc
This is purely a Risley project that is on the table

Second/third allocations: these are for offsetting deallocations
$200 for costumes/props/materials for the Ithaca performance of Odyssey =20
Works
We need actors, prop builders, musicians, prop directors, stage managers =
=20
 from Risley/Cornell
Grad students and professors are definitely interested
This supports the materials needed for that
The third allocation is the more clever one (gets rid of safety issues and =
=20
provides benefit to Risley)
There would be an instrument building workshop provided by an artist, who =
=20
runs a new and amazing music co-op
He's at the forefront of experimental music field with built instruments
There is sufficient interest here
He would forgo his fee to Odyssey Works, which would go to this workshop =
=20
[hope I got that right]
$400 fee, supporting the workshop and Odyssey Works
This artist would come and stay in Ithaca for the week of spring break
We can't allocate now for when the workshop would happen
If you're here then, you'll get to work with him and that would be funded =
=20
by this as well
This way, we won't be lying to CCA about where we got our funds
This ends up being less of an allocation than before, greater focus on =20
student involvement, and fewer safety issues
Gabe: How is this now less?
It was $1,000 before, it's now $822.

RHD Lauren: Let's hand vote now to say if Abe ought to stay in the room, =
=20
try to say either yes or no
This is an official motion
=A1Nolan!: Can he stay for the discussion, or be gone for the whole duratio=
n?
RHD Lauren: He'll be here for some portion, exit for the hand votes
Yea vote is to have him leave the room during the voting
RA Sally: Let's make it in/out, not yea/nay
RA Lauren: Abe needs to be in the room for discussions
Sarah: I need a drink, these chips are salty

[Minutes are blank whilst AIR Abe is out of the room]

[32 voters present]

Vote to have AIR Abe leave during voting:
20 out
10 in
2 abstain
PASSES

[31 voters present]

Vote to exclude AIR Abe from portions of the discussion
15 yea
14 nay
2 abstain

[house is split]

15 yea
16 nay
FAILS

[AIR Abe returns for discussion]

AIR Abe: Just to be clear, none of the funding applies to NYC
RA Sally: Odyssey in a Box; the box is here, but the tour is in NYC?
AIR Abe: The project began in NYC before I came to Risley; the idea is to =
=20
develop the connection between New York and Cornell
Leaving it here makes it in Risley's possession; we could work on =20
something better in further discussion
RHD Lauren: Again, we're not putting anything toward travel or NYC
AIR Abe: The box is like a sculptural project, the recording is another =20
project, more about the creation than the actual box that's used in NYC
Molly: Each fund is being voted on individually, correct?
=A1Sarah!: Yes, though we're discussing them all at once
Molly: I want to voice my support, I appreciate the many improvements that =
=20
have been made to the proposals
Sarah: I'm curious about the $400 instrument workshop; is that $400 going =
=20
to workshop entirely, or is it just a subsidy?
AIR Abe: Details will emerge, but no one will be paying for admission; I =
=20
assume we can use in-house materials, details forthcoming
Gabe: So, the bottom line is that we're supporting building the Odyssey =20
Box, but we won't be using it here
AIR Abe: You can take it to NYC and use it there, and you're not =20
prohibited from using it there.
RHD Lauren: Actually, I'm not 100% sure that it can be given to Risleyites =
=20
freely (liability is still an issue), we're still working that out
Gabe: Commentary on the total package going up?
=A1Nolan!/AIR Abe: No, it's gone down, as was said before
=A1Sarah!: TSub had contributed funds in addition to the $600 that Kommitte=
e =20
gave
RA Nate: These boxes are expensive, and there's only one, so it's a bit =20
unwise to make a project that takes a 4-hour travel to appreciate fully
Why not make this Ithaca-based?
AIR Abe: This allocation is fine with Risk Management; what's not certain =
=20
is whether Risley can rent out the box, whether Risleyites can take it out
RA Nate: It would have been better to have approached us with all loose =20
ends tied up as possible
AIR Abe: I appreciate that, we have done a lot of work with Risk =20
Management; I wanted to get this over with so that production can begin
Risleyites dealing with the boxes when they're done is additional, beside =
=20
the point since that's about NYC, not Risley
This is only about the construction of the box
Adam: The recording portion is something along the lines of it going on an =
=20
mp3 play, I believe
Is it possible to convert this to an Ithaca-centric recording at a future =
=20
date?
AIR Abe: So, we're pushing forward a nascent discipline at this point; =20
once it has developed further, this Risley apprenticeship will allow for =
=20
training in creating an Ithaca portion
If anybody wants to pull off an Ithaca portion, I would love to help you; =
=20
I hope this stirs some passion for such a project
=A1Nolan!: The first allocation, for the box, is valid, would add to the =
=20
building
You said that the second allocation has something to do with an Ithaca =20
performance?
AIR Abe: The second allocation is for materials for an Ithaca production; =
=20
this will likely involve Risley at some point
Benjy: This is an allocation for something in an AIR's field of expertise, =
=20
this is exactly what that exists for
GV Ben: The materials for Odyssey Works in NYC, where do they go?
AIR Abe: They belong here, except for consumables
GV Ben: Will you get CCA funding back?
AIR Abe: For Odyssey Works, CCA is already fully funding; this just makes =
=20
them feel comfortable about them not being lied to
Sarah: A couple of concerns; the boxes are a good project, but we may not =
=20
be using them for anything
As for costumes and props, sounds like a lot of theatre things; is this =20
better for TSub?
AIR Abe: My guess is no; Kommittee is simpler and more straightforward
Benjy: if I understand correctly, we aren't sure if we can give this box =
=20
to current Cornell students, so we could at least have a security deposit =
=20
here from Ris-alums if they wish to have use of the box
Adam: Ris-alums are definitely involved, per 40th anniversary planning and =
=20
their involvement
Adam: The workshop you talked about, when is that?
AIR Abe: Sometime around spring break
Adam: That's right, sorry, I forgot
AIR Abe: It might also be sometime around early April
Gabe: Hypothetically, we can rent/lend if we can find nonstudents that are =
=20
interested
Molly: Can we focus on less of the nebulous details, so that we can get =20
important things like shops involvement, etc. worked out?
RA Lauren: Let's pretend for the benefit of the doubt that there is no =20
opportunity for lending
RA Sally: Projects that pertain to the box could stimulate interest in the =
=20
shops, provide teaching opportunities
AIR Abe: I would like this to engage all aspects of Risley, including =20
shops etc.
Adam: This sounds a bit like a business proposal, which has already been =
=20
discussed outside of here; our job is to focus on the artistic portion; I =
=20
voice my full support due to this
AIR Abe: Again, sorry for taking up so much Kommittee time this semester, =
=20
hope this is the last time, thank you so much

VOTES:

$222 for Odyssey in a Box
22 yea
9 nay
0 abstain
ACCLAIMED

$200 for costumes/etc for Ithaca portion of Odyssey Works
24 yea
5 nay
2 abstain
ACCLAIMED

$400 for instrument building workshop
12 yea
14 nay
5 abstain
FAILS

=A1Nolan!: Thank you everyone for being patient/kind, since this is quite =
=20
important to Abe
AIR Abe: Thank you

RA Kerry:
Naked Improv space, Thursday, 7 - 9, CLR
GV Ben: References to Salvador Dal=ED can start at 9 this week
ACCLAIMED

RHD Lauren:
Tuesday, CLR, 9 - 10/11 for 40th anniversary meeting
ACCLAIMED

RA Sally:
Operation ID, Cornell Police will engrave ID numbers on items (like =20
kitchen items, etc)
Cowcliffes on December 7th, 3 - 5
Also, $30 for other forms of ID stuff (like cool ID tags that go on =20
backpacks)
=A1Nolan!: Or sponges
RA Sally: I'll find something special for you (like a Sharpie)
Adam: This would be free for Risleyites?
RA Sally: Yes, the money goes to materials
RA Lauren: This is quite valuable, would have lost lots of kitchen =20
supplies this way
ACCLAIMED

Spencer:
Thursday 4 - 6:30, Cowcliffes for The Tempest readthroughs
ACCLAIMED
(Oh, and mark your calendars, cast members)

GV Ben:
For AIR Carolina, for References to Salvador Dal=ED Make Me Hot
Tuesday, 6:30 - 8:30, Dance Studio
Wednesday, 7:30 - 9:30, CLR
Thursday, 9 - 11, CLR
ACCLAIMED

OTHER OTHER BUSINESS:
None, apparently

NEXT WEEK'S THEME: Anders is still on a ladder Kommittee (that was about =
=20
1.5 hours ago, he's gone now)
NEXT WEEK'S SECRET AGENDA: It's not so much something that's cool for you =
=20
as much as it's a Sharpie
------------wLPB9gV0Blw0EEwpbFX1Fr
Content-Disposition: attachment;
	filename="Kommittee Minutes 11-07-2010.txt"
Content-Type: text/plain;
	name="Kommittee Minutes 11-07-2010.txt"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: Quoted-Printable

KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR NOVEMBER 7TH, 2010
THEME: Tall people on stilts Kommittee
SECRET AGENDA: It's not so much Death as much as it is a horde of bros.

RA Kerry (procedural announcement):
	Last time, we passed around the sign-in sheet, but there were people wh=
o left partway through the meeting
	So, you need to announce that you're leaving for even a drink, and then=
 announce your re-entry
		=C2=A1Nolan!: The UN uses "Point of personal privilege"
		=C2=A1Sarah!: We are passing around the sheet, not just signing in on =
the table, everything's getting passed around now
	Danny: Constant announcements will get tedious
		RA Kerry: Regulating that is not feasible
		Danny: More like recording, taking note
		=C2=A1Nolan!: If someone's gone, we'll try to notice
	Adam: I'm going to go get a drink of water

INSIDE GROUPS SEEKING THE MUSIC ROOM:
	None

OUTSIDE GROUPS SEEKING THE MUSIC ROOM:
	Hotel class is doing Into the Woods dinner this week
	Cornell Raptor program is bringing hawks and owls
	They can't be in the Great Hall; CLR and TVR are feasible, we'd love to=
 use them for showing off and playing with birds

Adam: I'm back now

		Kim: CLR is sealed, better in the event that a bird gets loose
	This is for Thursday, November 11th
	ACCLAIMED

	SCA:
		Intro to bellydance, 20 - 30 people, would like to use the Dance Studi=
o, not a closed event
		Tuesday, November 16th, 7 PM
			GV Ben: It's taken from 8:30 - 10:30
			We're going maybe until 9, we could be done by 8:30 if we get the Dan=
ce Studio;	we could come up to the CLR at 8:30
	ACCLAIMED

REPORTS:

GV BEN:
	We have $2843.56 unallocated
	Risquirer: Clover/Miles
		Next week: Clover

RHD LAUREN:
	First, a couple weeks ago there were people surveying the tower with ba=
lls/cones
	Cornell Restorationssasonetuh... is doing something, a structural analy=
sis of the tower, doing improvements
		They're starting either tomorrow or Tuesday, there'll be a crane outsi=
de, don't worry
		6th floor balcony will be repaired around the same time, there'll be a=
nother crane for that, be excited
		5th and 6th floor tower people have not responded to my email
	Thank y'all for filling out the RA survey form

RA SALLY:
	Operation ID will be happening with Cornell Police
	Life Drawing is trying to be back up in the swing of things, so please =
volunteer
	Harvest Celebration (not Harvestfest) is November 19th, which entails c=
ornhusk dolls and dining

RA KERRY:
	Naked Improv happened, it was great, thanks to all
	Sex on the Table will be featuring Planned Parenthood on safer use of s=
ex toys, bringing "fun" and "games" and "equipment"; it's 5PM in Tammany=
 as usual
		Coming up for SotT we have a sex therapist and a couple of doctors
	Meditation is 7PM on Mondays -- actually, that's 7:15 due to SotT
	Naked Improv is now adding Thursdays 7 - 9 to their rehearsals (in addi=
tion to 6 - 8 Sundays)

RA JULIA:
	Faculty Fellow dinners are still with Antonia on Mondays, Tom Hill on F=
ridays
		If you haven't come yet, you should
		There are fun grad students, the Fellows are fun people to know
	Ethiopian dinner (next semester) is coming together

RA NATE:
	November 17th, there's a Bob Dylan concert in Binghamton
	On the 18th, there's a Leonid shower (I think) which we'll see at 2AM
		Yes, I do mean 2AM
	Thank you for food programs, again

RA LAUREN:
	I apologize for smoke appearing on Friday
		Did check the flue, freak of atmosphere conditions caused the smoke
		You all participated in the First Annual Risley Guy Fawkes Fire Alarm =
(well, not all)
	Thanksgiving!
		I've been baking lots of things with apples
		I sent out the Risley Thanksgiving form again to fill out, it's been h=
aving few issues
			Email me (lrw45) if you need a manual add
		There are 28 people on the list right now, which is actually kinda hig=
h
		People have expressed interest in co-planning
			This is important since it's not an RA duty, I've just been doing it =
since freshman year
		If you do want to potluck some foodstuffs, you can email me about that=


WEBMASTER GABRIEL:
	If at any time I don't have any exams, I'd like to put up minutes, whic=
h have not been updated since spring of '09
	Also, the listserv change happened and it's been mostly successful
		There have been whispers of superspam: if there's a limited list of pe=
ople to send to, that's spam
		An email on a serv rules update might be going out depending on how mu=
ch my eyes are bleeding
		It's generally going well
	The website will get some love whenever minutes go up

AIR ABE:
	Announcements, allocations coming later
	Stepping out of the room to take down my piece of paper

RA Kerry: RA Julia has left the room anonymously; shame

	I need readers for poetry at the Johnson
		There's been some response, still want more if you're interested, my e=
mail is ab28
		It's also good to have a nice Risley presence
	The Will Cordeiro poetry reading was fun
		It was multimedia, so technical difficulties were had by all
		Another reading is happening the week after next
	I'll be allocating for money that was deallocated in a way that will no=
t cause problems
		We have a solution that has been preapproved by safety and auditing
		These projects were given $1000 previously, which were Odyssey in a Bo=
x and Odyssey Works in NYC
		[You can read previous minutes for descriptions of the projects]
		Previous objections: students traveling to New York, wearing headphone=
s and getting hit by cars
			Also, a general desire to direct funds to Risley affairs
		=C2=A1Nolan!: let's leave this discussion for allocations
			Before that, an instrument building workshop will be added to project=
s

ANNOUNCEMENTS
	GV Ben: The Risley Video Shop now has digital cameras that you may borr=
ow
		Gabe: How is this different from before?
		GV Ben: These are picture cameras, not video

OTHER BUSINESS
Approval of minutes
	Miles: Thank you, Kerry
	GV Ben: To clarify, it was $28 that was allocated for posters, not $20
APPROVED

ALLOCATIONS
GV Ben: I have four things
	We'd like to move the soundboard in Tammany toward the bar, have a mast=
er bar technician
	We need to splice cables to do this; we'd like a snappy cable connector=
, $20
		Adam: Feasibility of someone running everything at the bar?
			Joey: We're just moving the amp and the board back, since mixing from=
 the speaker doesn't work
			Clover: There's usually 2 - 3 people working the bar at a typical Tam=
many event
			RA Sally: Plus, we usually don't have milkshakes and music going simu=
ltaneously
		Sarah: Is it wise to move this near food areas?
			Joey: It's not that close
		Gabe: Would the equipment belong to Tammany?
			GV Ben: We're manipulating cables that belong to Tammany
			Joey: This prevents a tripping hazard, not much beyond that
			RA Nate: Ask the Tammany manager
				RA Lauren: I had no knowledge of this
				Joey: Oh, Lauren, btw...
				RA Lauren: Thanks a lot, guys
	ACCLAIMED

	We have a fancy Bose speaker system that we use to make music in dining=

	We want to buy an iPod cable instead of having to borrow one every time=
; $20
		Miles: What kind of cable is this, just 3.5mm to 3.5mm?
			Joey: Yeah, and it won't cost more than $4
			GV Ben: Let's keep it at $20, since we should take care of shipping
	ACCLAIMED

	Out Loud Chorus is no longer using our space
	We now have Dance Studio time that isn't used, so let's deallocate
		Gabe: Do we need to deallocate?
			Jeff: There is no motion on the table
		RA Lauren: Why did they leave?
			GV Ben: They found a space that they could get a key to
			RHD Lauren: Also, there was a personal family issue
		Adam: When was this allocation before?
			GV Ben: Dance Studio, Mondays, 7 - 9
	ACCLAIMED

	Clover, do you still need the CLR for storytime?
		No
		We are planning new things for Graeme Bailey to do and he hasn't been =
coming to storytime

Adam/Sarah/bunch of other people:
	There's a lot of people who would like to have a holiday celebration, g=
iven the type of place that Risley is
	We'd like space for a meeting about ideas, decoration, etc
		Adam: Did I overestimate interest?
		RA Kerry: FYI, that's right around my birthday
			=C2=A1Sarah!: Me too
		RA Lauren: Have you discussed logistics, given 22-hour quiet hours?
			Adam: This would be either the last day of finals, or immediately bef=
ore finals; don't want to be disruptive
		Jeff: What is the motion on the table?
			Sarah: Monday or Tuesday, 7 - 8 pm, CLR
			Adam: I can't make Monday; make that Cowcliffes
		=C2=A1Nolan!: If you want the whole dorm to come to this holiday thing=
, most people will be gone by the last day of finals
			Also, You have 5 - 7 PM for non-quiet hours during exam week
		RA Kerry: I appreciate the generation of new Risley programs
			Adam: We do want this to be a tradition
			RA Sally: We have leftover holiday items as RAs that you may use
	ACCLAIMED

Emily: Hi everyone! (yeah, I'm blonde)
	40th anniversary planning is in motion, and we have more good ideas (re=
ad: we need more money)
	$300 to include all Risleyites so that they may come down, enjoy tea an=
d scones
		Sarah: to make this even more amazing is pretty vague; what is this fo=
r?
			We hadn't considered the cost of postage, etc.
			We originally allocated for $300; $80 went to postage, and paper is n=
ot that cheap
			We want scones and mini cupcakes and three different types of sandwic=
hes and murals, etc
		RA Sally: Does this include money for shops involvement?
			Not yet
			RA Sally: So, another allocation will follow?
			Likely
	ACCLAIMED

Kim:
	The Stained Glass Shop is very active this semester, so we need more su=
pplies
	$150 to get more clear/pink/orangish/brown glass, copper tape, another =
glass cutter, and black patina
	ACCLAIMED

AIR Abe (here we go):
	Three allocations (we'll discuss them all at once):
		Two categories: Odyssey in a Box, Odyssey Works
		This has been posted for all to see per the discussion of controversia=
l motions last week
		Originally, the plan was 5 sets of 2 boxes each; this has already begu=
n
		Partly due to the deallocation and otherwise, funds from CCA did not c=
ome
			Funds for another 2 sets needed; I'll pay for one out of pocket, Risl=
ey will pay for the other
			The Risley set stays in the building
			Can Risley rent this out to students/alum/anybody for $20 to take to =
New York?
				Risley would be able to get some revenue from the set this way; deta=
ils forthcoming, not sure if we're allowed, but it's looking good
		I'd like $222 dollars for one set
			This does not include trips to New York, only includes Risley things,=
 not New York things
			You can look at the minutes for more details
			Risley folks will be/have been involved all the way in the creation o=
f this box, being in recordings, etc
			This is purely a Risley project that is on the table
		Second/third allocations: these are for offsetting deallocations
		$200 for costumes/props/materials for the Ithaca performance of Odysse=
y Works
			We need actors, prop builders, musicians, prop directors, stage manag=
ers from Risley/Cornell
				Grad students and professors are definitely interested
				This supports the materials needed for that
		The third allocation is the more clever one (gets rid of safety issues=
 and provides benefit to Risley)
			There would be an instrument building workshop provided by an artist,=
 who runs a new and amazing music co-op
			He's at the forefront of experimental music field with built instrume=
nts
			There is sufficient interest here
			He would forgo his fee to Odyssey Works, which would go to this works=
hop [hope I got that right]
		$400 fee, supporting the workshop and Odyssey Works
			This artist would come and stay in Ithaca for the week of spring brea=
k
				We can't allocate now for when the workshop would happen
			If you're here then, you'll get to work with him and that would be fu=
nded by this as well
				This way, we won't be lying to CCA about where we got our funds
	This ends up being less of an allocation than before, greater focus on =
student involvement, and fewer safety issues
		Gabe: How is this now less?
		It was $1,000 before, it's now $822.

	RHD Lauren: Let's hand vote now to say if Abe ought to stay in the room=
, try to say either yes or no
		This is an official motion
		=C2=A1Nolan!: Can he stay for the discussion, or be gone for the whole=
 duration?
			RHD Lauren: He'll be here for some portion, exit for the hand votes
			Yea vote is to have him leave the room during the voting
				RA Sally: Let's make it in/out, not yea/nay
			RA Lauren: Abe needs to be in the room for discussions

Sarah: I need a drink, these chips are salty

	[Minutes are blank whilst AIR Abe is out of the room]

	[32 voters present]

	Vote to have AIR Abe leave during voting:
		20 out
		10 in
		2 abstain
	PASSES

	[31 voters present]

	Vote to exclude AIR Abe from portions of the discussion:
		15 yea
		14 nay
		2 abstain

		[house is split]

		15 yea
		16 nay
	FAILS

[AIR Abe returns for discussion]

AIR Abe: Just to be clear, none of the funding applies to NYC
RA Sally: Odyssey in a Box; the box is here, but the tour is in NYC?
	AIR Abe: The project began in NYC before I came to Risley; the idea is =
to develop the connection between New York and Cornell
		Leaving it here makes it in Risley's possession; we could work on some=
thing better in further discussion
RHD Lauren: Again, we're not putting anything toward travel or NYC
AIR Abe: The box is like a sculputural project, the recording is another=
 project, more about the creation than the actual box that's used in NYC=

Molly: Each fund is being voted on individually, correct?
	=C2=A1Sarah!: Yes, though we're discussing them all at once
	Molly: I want to voice my support, I appreciate the many improvements t=
hat have been made to the proposals
Sarah: I'm curious about the $400 instrument workshop; is that $400 goin=
g to workshop entirely, or is it just a subsidy?
	AIR Abe: Details will emerge, but no one will be paying for admission; =
I assume we can use in-house materials, details forthcoming
Gabe: So, the bottom line is that we're supporting building the Odyssey =
Box, but we won't be using it here
	AIR Abe: You can take it to NYC and use it there, and you're not prohib=
ited from using it there.
	RHD Lauren: Actually, I'm not 100% sure that it can be given to Risleyi=
tes freely (liability is still an issue), we're still working that out
Gabe: Commentary on the total package going up?
	=C2=A1Nolan!/AIR Abe: No, it's gone down, as was said before
	=C2=A1Sarah!: TSub had contributed funds in addition to the $600 that K=
ommittee gave
RA Nate: These boxes are expensive, and there's only one, so it's a bit =
unwise to make a project that takes a 4-hour travel to appreciate fully
	Why not make this Ithaca-based?
	AIR Abe: This allocation is fine with Risk Management; what's not certa=
in is whether Risley can rent out the box, whether Risleyites can take i=
t out
	RA Nate: It would have been better to have approached us with all loose=
 ends tied up as possible
		AIR Abe: I appreciate that, we have done a lot of work with Risk Manag=
ement; I wanted to get this over with so that production can begin
			Risleyites dealing with the boxes when they're done is additional, be=
side the point since that's about NYC, not Risley
			This is only about the construction of the box
Adam: The recording portion is something along the lines of it going on =
an mp3 play, I believe
	Is it possible to convert this to an Ithaca-centric recording at a futu=
re date?
	AIR Abe: So, we're pushing forward a nascent discipline at this point; =
once it has developed further, this Risley apprenticeship will allow for=
 training in creating an Ithaca portion
		If anybody wants to pull off an Ithaca portion, I would love to help y=
ou; I hope this stirs some passion for such a project
=C2=A1Nolan!: The first allocation, for the box, is valid, would add to =
the building
	You said that the second allocation has something to do with an Ithaca =
performance?
	AIR Abe: The second allocation is for materials for an Ithaca productio=
n; this will likely involve Risley at some point
		Benjy: This is an allocation for something in an AIR's field of expert=
ise, this is exactly what that exists for
GV Ben: The materials for Odyssey Works in NYC, where do they go?
	AIR Abe: They belong here, except for consumables
	GV Ben: Will you get CCA funding back?
		AIR Abe: For Odyssey Works, CCA is already fully funding; this just ma=
kes them feel comfortable about them not being lied to
Sarah: A couple of concerns; the boxes are a good project, but we may no=
t be using them for anything
	As for costumes and props, sounds like a lot of theatre things; is this=
 better for Tsub?
	AIR Abe: My guess is no; Kommittee is simpler and more straightforward
Benjy: if I understand correctly, we aren't sure if we can give this box=
 to current Cornell students, so we could at least have a security depos=
it here from Ris-alums if they wish to have use of the box
	Adam: Ris-alums are definitely involved, per 40th anniversary planning =
and their involvement
Adam: The workshop you talked about, when is that?
	AIR Abe: Sometime around spring break
	Adam: That's right, sorry, I forgot
	AIR Abe: It might also be sometime around early April
Gabe: Hypothetically, we can rent/lend if we can find nonstudents that a=
re interested
	Molly: Can we focus on less of the nebulous details, so that we can get=
 important things like shops involvement, etc. worked out?
	RA Lauren: Let's pretend for the benefit of the doubt that there is no =
opportunity for lending
RA Sally: Projects that pertain to the box could stimulate interest in t=
he shops, provide teaching opportunities
	AIR Abe: I would like this to engage all aspects of Risley, including s=
hops etc.
Adam: This sounds a bit like a business proposal, which has already been=
 discussed outside of here; our job is to focus on the artistic portion;=
 I voice my full support due to this
AIR Abe: Again, sorry for taking up so much Kommittee time this semester=
, hope this is the last time, thank you so much

	VOTES:

	$222 for Odyssey in a Box
		22 yea
		9 nay
		0 abstain
	ACCLAIMED

	$200 for costumes/etc for Ithaca portion of Odyssey Works
		24 yea
		5 nay
		2 abstain
	ACCLAIMED

	$400 for instrument building workshop
		12 yea
		14 nay
		5 abstain
	FAILS

	=C2=A1Nolan!: Thank you everyone for being patient/kind, since this is =
quite important to Abe
	AIR Abe: Thank you

RA Kerry:
	Naked Improv space, Thursday, 7 - 9, CLR
		GV Ben: References to Salvador Dal=C3=AD can start at 9 this week
	ACCLAIMED

RHD Lauren:
	Tuesday, CLR, 9 - 10/11 for 40th anniversary meeting
	ACCLAIMED

RA Sally:
	Operation ID, Cornell Police will engrave ID numbers on items (like kit=
chen items, etc)
	Cowcliffes on December 7th, 3 - 5
	Also, $30 for other forms of ID stuff (like cool ID tags that go on bac=
kpacks)
		=C2=A1Nolan!: Or sponges
			RA Sally: I'll find something special for you (like a Sharpie)
		Adam: This would be free for Risleyites?
			RA Sally: Yes, the money goes to materials
		RA Lauren: This is quite valuable, would have lost lots of kitchen sup=
plies this way
	ACCLAIMED

Spencer:
	Thursday 4 - 6:30, Cowcliffes for The Tempest readthroughs
	ACCLAIMED
(Oh, and mark your calendars, cast members)

GV Ben:
	For AIR Carolina, for References to Salvador Dal=C3=AD Make Me Hot
		Tuesday, 6:30 - 8:30, Dance Studio
		Wednesday, 7:30 - 9:30, CLR
		Thursday, 9 - 11, CLR
	ACCLAIMED

OTHER OTHER BUSINESS:
	None, apparently

NEXT WEEK'S THEME: Anders is still on a ladder Kommittee (that was about=
 1.5 hours ago, he's gone now)
NEXT WEEK'S SECRET AGENDA: It's not so much something that's cool for yo=
u as much as it's a Sharpie

------------wLPB9gV0Blw0EEwpbFX1Fr--
